---
date: 2026-05-25-15:53:22 +0700
title: "New Personal Best Survival in May"
category: blog
tags: l4d2 survival reflection
header:
  image: "https://images.steamusercontent.com/ugc/11681830428852144285/3780D36CBE11AF678D7AFE52F67B0604E6A07292/?imw=5000&imh=5000&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false"
  teaser: "https://images.steamusercontent.com/ugc/11681830428852144285/3780D36CBE11AF678D7AFE52F67B0604E6A07292/?imw=5000&imh=5000&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false"
  caption: "https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3726429882"
gallery_ccbridge:
   - url: "https://images.steamusercontent.com/ugc/14615721568167627889/C75959FE0E902B447247374F249F4F4ED892B91B/?imw=5000&imh=5000&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false"
     image_path: "https://images.steamusercontent.com/ugc/14615721568167627889/C75959FE0E902B447247374F249F4F4ED892B91B/?imw=5000&imh=5000&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false" 
gallery_runway:
   - url: "https://images.steamusercontent.com/ugc/17474731123590296998/09512F0BEA124A007CE3F1845632E600CF310761/?imw=5000&imh=5000&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false"
     image_path: "https://images.steamusercontent.com/ugc/17474731123590296998/09512F0BEA124A007CE3F1845632E600CF310761/?imw=5000&imh=5000&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false" 
gallery_float:
   - url: "https://images.steamusercontent.com/ugc/16288285882554389364/DB4350982CCC0AE694CD97C92F7BDAA8A221F763/?imw=5000&imh=5000&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false"
     image_path: "https://images.steamusercontent.com/ugc/16288285882554389364/DB4350982CCC0AE694CD97C92F7BDAA8A221F763/?imw=5000&imh=5000&ima=fit&impolicy=Letterbox&imcolor=%23000000&letterbox=false" 
---
In the past two weeks I have been playing L4D2 frequently since the server is now completed with SourceTV support so I have solid setup for plugins in the Server that I can expand.

For the past 2 years I don't play L4D2 for two reason I don't want my parent angry at me for playing games and second I have other activity that can fill my days like GYM, working on project, blogging, and studying but at one point I realise I have too much time because I am unemployed and not actively looking for work so the next thing I can do is try again L4D2 to derust my self from long hiatus.

# Bus Depot
As the thumbnail show this my current highest record in Survival and I still don't expect to play that long after hiatus, for perspective my latest PB is [Generator Room for 70 minutes](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3617591975) and my latest attempt for [100 minutes is Drains in **2024**](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3254974739). 

I rarely play long map because my physical not capable to play after 100 minutes, either my mind goes blank or I am already tired and hungry. That's why most of my 100 Minutes map is low 100 like 110 or 130. Is not lack of skills but lack of stamina to play endurance map.

But this time is different, I join this game because I saw my friends play and is 3/4 I though they already play Trio but they haven't started yet so I joined them, we started at 16.30 my local time and I don't like play at afternoon because the humidity is high and the room can get uncomfortable to play. 

I have to endure this for first 90 minutes after that is evening and the room is comfortable to play, I though they will stop at 100 minutes because usually one of them will stop but they don't show any sign to stop so we continue until past 200 minutes, I even joking should we get 300 minutes and they still don't stop shooting the zombies. Is not I want to give in but because the teams seems doesn't want to stop since we go this deep and I also don't want to disappointed them so I keep playing until the end.

They are several factor we can get this record:
1. Exerude is probably the strongest player in AU for now, He is the key in teams since he cover both area front and back from SI and Tank. My Post fill the backside of the map cover the back area and on the rooftop but at the time my aiming still lacking and Exer time to time check my position kill most of the SI there. 
2. Improved Stamina, as mentioned previous paragraph physically I can't handle long map but I am really suprised to hold that long this time and the reason is *bulking*. I have been bulking this past 5 months and my weight went from 65Kg to 73Kg, I am bulking because I am skinny now with my current weight I can perform better in my daily life and not tired out easily. If I play this map with my weight about 60-65Kg like during college I am probably pass out after 200 but even after 200 minutes I still have the pace to keep going until 300.
3. [Lifting Weight]({% post_url 2026-01-22-aku-tidak-akan-rakit-pc-pada-2026 %}), I think this two factor goes hand in hand. They are saying if you want to lift more weight you need to bulking since I am bulking I can now play long map. You might be wondering why lifting weight have any to do with survival? because at 200 minutes marks I try to compare 90 minutes in the GYM with this rounds and for me 90 minutes in GYM is more difficult because you still need to lift challenging weight and make sure you are *progressively overload* during the GYM session as for Survival you probably still doing the same thing as you did in 30 minutes marks, the only time you *"progressively overload"* if one of you teammate is down or get push out of the position but mostly in Survival you only maintain and try to keep the pace during the rounds.

# Float
{% include gallery id="gallery_float" caption="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3730745819" %}
This map is my idea and since me and my teammate will play in away server I think is better we play as support and the home team play as baiting, it when quite well both us of can maintain pace consistently the only the problem is one of the baiting support keep getting damage by spitter and still figuring out what they are doing. 

For this round we lacking damage and pace for baiting team and that's why we only manage 150 minutes, but still PB for all of us and we improve for 20 minutes from previous record.
# Runway 
{% include gallery id="gallery_runway" caption="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3727838115" %}
I play Runway first before Float and this two map have similar pace where I play as support role, I am still at learning phase to play Runway but now as an support I can balance where to support and known how to effectively kill the tank before going too far. 

The problem I encounter is latency and it effect how my bullets damage the tank, I still thinking I should deal way more damage to the tank but my bullets seems doesn't register. Maybe that's we used lot more kits in earlier rounds and have nothing left after 100 minutes.
# Crash Course Bridge
{% include gallery id="gallery_ccbridge" caption="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3727838115" %}
I play as support sniper in this map and I rarely doing well in CC Bridge because lack of damage from either side of the teams or the sniper doesn't know what they are doing but this time the experience is much better.

This round end because we failed during the medkits run I am got stuck at the woods and my teammate can't help me, I guess the bad call during the medkit where two tank supposedly follow at the end tail of team but it got split and cut us off. 

I realize most of my personal best recently I play as support and in away server, playing in away server doesn't effect much of my performance but my lack of gamesense hindrance my judgment during the game for instance if the rounds doesn't goes well I want to give up and restart but saw my teammate still fighting make me realize how far my gaps with my current teammates that have improved this past 2 years and I have lot to do catch up to them.

If my 2023 self see me now he will slaps me because how weak I am, but I have said to myself that this year I will try to striving and I am fire up to get back in the game because I have conquer one of my weakness which is endurance. 

And then there is only one thing to do **Upgrade my PC**.
